Release 2.0.0-rc1 (#2478)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-rc1 (2020-10-06)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to
TimescaleDB. This release also adds support for user-defined actions allowing
users to define actions that are run by the TimescaleDB automation framework.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In addition to these major new features, the 2.0 branch introduces _breaking_ changes
to APIs and existing features, such as continuous aggregates. These changes are not
backwards compatible and might require changes to clients and/or scripts that rely on
the previous APIs. Please review our updated documentation and do proper testing to
ensure compatibility with your existing applications.

This release candidate is upgradable, so if you are on a previous release (e.g., 1.7.4) 
you can upgrade to the release candidate and later expect to be able to upgrade to the
final 2.0 release. However, please carefully consider your compatibility requirements 
_before_ upgrading.
```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-rc1 (2020-10-06)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to
TimescaleDB. This release also adds support for user-defined actions allowing
users to define actions that are run by the TimescaleDB automation framework.

In addition to these major new features, the 2.0 branch introduces _breaking_ changes
to APIs and existing features, such as continuous aggregates. These changes are not
backwards compatible and might require changes to clients and/or scripts that rely on
the previous APIs. Please review our updated documentation and do proper testing to

> ensure compatibility with your existing applications.
> This release candidate is upgradable, so if you are on a previous release (e.g., 1.7.4)

Reviewer 2: It might be good to be more specific about API changes. How about?:
```suggestion
ensure compatibility with your existing applications.

The noticeable breaking changes in APIs are:
- Function rename and arguments redesign for compression and retention policies;
- Creating continuous aggregate is split into 2 steps: `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` to create a continuous aggregate view, and `add_continuous_aggregate_policy` to create the actual policy;
- Rename and argument redesign for functions to manipulate running policies;
- Replacing several information views with policy information with general views, which covers policies and user-defined actions;
- Redesign of information views.

This release candidate is upgradable, so if you are on a previous release (e.g., 1.7.4)
```

WDYT?

you can upgrade to the release candidate and later expect to be able to upgrade to the
final 2.0 release. However, please carefully consider your compatibility requirements
_before_ upgrading.

**Major Features**
#1923 Add support for distributed hypertables
#2006 Add support for user-defined actions
#2435 Move enterprise features to community
#2437 Update Timescale License

**Minor Features**
#2011 Constify TIMESTAMPTZ OP INTERVAL in constraints
#2105 Support moving compressed chunks

**Bugfixes**
#1843 Improve handling of "dropped" chunks
#1886 Change ChunkAppend leader to use worker subplan
#2116 Propagate privileges from hypertables to chunks
#2263 Fix timestamp overflow in time_bucket optimization
#2270 Fix handling of non-reference counted TupleDescs in gapfill
#2325 Fix rename constraint/rename index
#2370 Fix detection of hypertables in subqueries
#2376 Fix caggs width expression handling on int based hypertables

> 

Reviewer 3: There are some fixes to handling of ownership and permissions as well as other properties of continuous aggregates. For example: #2436 #2428 #2347 

There is no mention here of the new continuous aggregates, except the "user-defined actions".

Or are the above just fixes compared to beta6?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Bugfixes**
#1843 Improve handling of "dropped" chunks
#1886 Change ChunkAppend leader to use worker subplan
#2116 Propagate privileges from hypertables to chunks
#2263 Fix timestamp overflow in time_bucket optimization
#2270 Fix handling of non-reference counted TupleDescs in gapfill
#2325 Fix rename constraint/rename index
#2370 Fix detection of hypertables in subqueries
#2376 Fix caggs width expression handling on int based hypertables
#2436 Propagate grants in continuous aggregates
#2428 Allow owner change of continuous aggregate
#2347 Support continuous aggregates table access method
```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-rc1 (2020-10-06)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

> This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to
> TimescaleDB. This release also adds support for user-defined actions allowing
> users to define actions that are run by the TimescaleDB automation framework.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to
TimescaleDB. With 2.0, users can run multiple instances of TimescaleDB,
configured so that one serves as an access node and multiple others as data
nodes, so that all queries for a distributed hypertable are issued to the access 
node, but inserted data and queries are pushed down across data nodes for
greater scale and performance.

This release also adds support for user-defined actions allowing
users to define actions that are run by the TimescaleDB automation framework.
```

In addition to these major new features, the 2.0 branch introduces _breaking_ changes
to APIs and existing features, such as continuous aggregates. These changes are not
backwards compatible and might require changes to clients and/or scripts that rely on
the previous APIs. Please review our updated documentation and do proper testing to
ensure compatibility with your existing applications.

The noticeable breaking changes in APIs are:

> - Function rename and arguments redesign for compression and retention policies

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure exactly how to parse `Function rename and arguments redesign`, maybe something simpler like:

```suggestion
- Redefined functions for compression and retention policies
```

> - Creating continuous aggregate is split into 2 steps: `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW`
>   to create a continuous aggregate view, and `add_continuous_aggregate_policy`
>   to create the actual policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A continuous aggregate is now created with `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` instead of `CREATE VIEW` and automated refreshing requires adding a policy via `add_continuous_aggregate_policy`
```

> - Rename and argument redesign for functions to manipulate running policies

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Redefined functions to manipulate running policies
```

> - Replacing several information views with policy information with general views,
>   which covers policies and user-defined actions
> - Redesign of information views

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redesign of informational views, including new (and more general) views for information about policies and user-defined actions
```

This release candidate is upgradable, so if you are on a previous release (e.g., 1.7.4)
you can upgrade to the release candidate and later expect to be able to upgrade to the
final 2.0 release. However, please carefully consider your compatibility requirements
_before_ upgrading.

**Major Features**
* #1923 Add support for distributed hypertables
* #2006 Add support for user-defined actions
* #2435 Move enterprise features to community
* #2437 Update Timescale License

**Minor Features**

> * #2011 Constify TIMESTAMPTZ OP INTERVAL in constraints

Reviewer 4: ^ @svenklemm

> * #2011 Constify TIMESTAMPTZ OP INTERVAL in constraints

Author: This is split over a large amount of commits/PRs and i couldnt find a single one that stands out

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-rc1 (2020-10-06)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to
TimescaleDB. With 2.0, users can run multiple instances of TimescaleDB,
configured so that one serves as an access node and multiple others as data
nodes, so that all queries for a distributed hypertable are issued to the access 
node, but inserted data and queries are pushed down across data nodes for
greater scale and performance.

> 

Reviewer 4: Why drop the mention of user-defined actions?  Sorry, I thought we were going to have a second paragraph after the mention of distributed hypertables.  Perhaps my suggestion was off?

Author: sorry copy/paste error i guess, wasnt intentional

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.0.0-rc1 (2020-10-06)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for distributed hypertables to

> TimescaleDB. With 2.0, users can run multiple instances of TimescaleDB,
> configured so that one serves as an access node and multiple others as data
> nodes, so that all queries for a distributed hypertable are issued to the access
> node, but inserted data and queries are pushed down across data nodes for
> greater scale and performance.

Reviewer: eliminate so that, so that repetition:

```suggestion
TimescaleDB. With 2.0, users can create distributed hypertables across 
multiple instances of TimescaleDB, 
configured so that one instance serves as an access node and multiple others as data
nodes. All queries for a distributed hypertable are issued to the access
node, but inserted data and queries are pushed down across data nodes for
greater scale and performance.
```
